Good day dear
users are you with game and viewers
of my channel with you ryaza and today I
I want to present you the first issue
the top five skymoto in week one
mod you can already see in your
the screen is all shadows armor from this set
made the best traditions of the dark
brotherhood
looks very cool helmet as a skull
bones that mirage is armor itself
very in harmony with one helmet also in
This setik includes two weapons this
sword of shadow and dagger of shadow
show closer here actually dagger
shadows dagger made of dark
metal and decorated with claw sword of shadows
made in the same style on us
good certinho damage done very
Qualitative attention to
details can not but rejoice
this job is perfect for
lovers play on dovakin them
secretive killers
swing set enjoy
I'll show you mega cool work
this is a site called up some
very strong steel armor huge
beautiful shield and a set of weapons weapons
Now I will show you closer so the first
This is our kendal and to the torso here
a small wedge that can
quietly cut throat
next is the blade of akatosh
beautiful sword made to match the armor
hammer which is the coolest
The thing in this site is a huge hammer
on the mule of the torus which can even be pierced
even the strongest Bosko and ax akatosh
it seems to me that this color is not at all
fits such a hatchet if need be
twig some chop or something like that
here's a really cool set
similar to the armor of a real dragonborer
but the only author tried and
Kraft made it the most difficult that
there he will need a billion steel
scrolls scrolls ingots apologizing
and a bunch of different little things to
assemble and forge this armor and this
a weapon but he is worth it therefore
get down
and
wear this beautiful citycom
this is looking about should please the fans
the universe of world of warcraft is a sword
asheshitel besides he charmed
and has two skins now we will check it
in battle
next mod is dedicated to lovers
cinema skyrim and hd textures
this one is replaced by vanilla textures
of such a plant as garn color on hd
the flower now has a bright view of it
seen from afar very pleasantly pleases the eye
im a butterfly
beautiful flower
Garna flowers with brown so much
now your world will be brighter already
early morning I resisted this
seems to have described all night at the end I tell you
I will show a small modification which
important changes in my style of scarlet
also it sorts your save by
order
if you click the download game button
show the window where you can choose
any your save and boot from
by him
It seems like little things are very nice and convenient
also this modification to raise
the performance of the main menu is even 10
fps earlier did not rise above trust
this will not be so noticeable what else am I
I want to say
video top
5 mods a week will look like
naturally
subscribe to the put put likes channel
comment for her is very important
your support is important
I also want to apologize for her
background sound background me microphone is not very
dear soon fix it
Thank you all for your attention